What kind of people are you gonna work with in our navy? In our department
of defense, you're gonna work with every okay, um, President Johnson
integrated the navy in place. Everyone in. Maybe that's not a
problem. It's your responsibility to work of every man and woman, that
society. And and you took it both of office to defend. The Constitution
says you don't get to choose who you're going to work for. That
both is your oath to work for and with everyone that is on your,
you know, on your So you gonna run across the gamut. This is why it's
always going to be okay. Won't get old leadership movies. Ones. Why
does the captain do it that way up in the Indies? Reagan 80. You've
got to understand. You know, I don't want to do that. Is to return
to look into understand, Okay?